Add notice to install microsoft visual c++ runtime 2015 (#6111)
DataDog/integrations-core: oracle/README.md

To use the Oracle integration, either install the Oracle Instant Client libraries, or download the Oracle JDBC Driver. Due to licensing restrictions, these libraries are not included in the Datadog Agent, but can be downloaded directly from Oracle.

> Note: JPype, one of the library used by the agent, depends specifically on the [Microsoft Visual C++ Runtime 2015][13]. Make sure this runtime is installed on your system.

Reviewer: I think it's a reasonable solution to require the MSVC runtime to be installed by the customers, given the problems we found when trying to install this dependency ourselves and the fact that most machines will already have it anyway.

> Note: JPype, one of the library used by the agent, depends specifically on the [Microsoft Visual C++ Runtime 2015][13]. Make sure this runtime is installed on your system.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note**: JPype, the library used by the Agent if JDBC is chosen, depends specifically on the [Microsoft Visual C++ Runtime 2015][13]. Make sure this runtime is installed on your system.
```

Author: I didn't want to say that this is a problem only if JDBC is chose. Yes there is this PR https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/pull/6118 but this is not merged yet. So the C++ runtime is a requirement no matter what.

> Note: JPype, one of the library used by the agent, depends specifically on the [Microsoft Visual C++ Runtime 2015][13]. Make sure this runtime is installed on your system.

Author: ```suggestion
**Note**: JPype, one of the library used by the agent, depends specifically on the [Microsoft Visual C++ Runtime 2015][13]. Make sure this runtime is installed on your system.
```

> **Note**: JPype, one of the library used by the agent, depends specifically on the [Microsoft Visual C++ Runtime 2015][13]. Make sure this runtime is installed on your system.

Author: ```suggestion
**Note**: JPype, one of the libraries used by the agent, depends specifically on the [Microsoft Visual C++ Runtime 2015][13]. Make sure this runtime is installed on your system.
```

> **Note**: JPype, one of the libraries used by the agent, depends specifically on the [Microsoft Visual C++ Runtime 2015][13]. Make sure this runtime is installed on your system.

Author: ```suggestion
**Note**: JPype, one of the libraries used by the Agent, depends specifically on the [Microsoft Visual C++ Runtime 2015][13]. Make sure this runtime is installed on your system.
```
